 The President said that a letter 1 received from Mr. Gandhi stated that a compromise on the basis of a reduction of 25 per cent was outside the possibility of his acceptance. Mr. Gandhi further wrote that provided he obtained the unanimous consent of the Committee, he would agree to a 40 per cent reduction, but if that was not accepted, he would in a note of dissent recommend a reduction of 55 per cent. The President put this proposal to the meeting. Mr. Reid said that he could not recommend the planters to give up more than 25 per cent and it would be useless for him to go to them again. In particular, he referred to the case of Mr. Hill where the reduction of 25 per cent would bring his rents down to little more than he could have got from the ordinary enhancement on the ground of rise in prices. Mr. Gandhi said that he would always be prepared to recognise the principle of a different reduction in different concerns. The President, however, pointed out that it was clear that the proposal for a settlement by compromise had failed. He assumed that Mr. Gandhi would now write a minute of dissent advocating a 55 per cent reduction. He did not wish to press him for further concessions, but asked him to consider one point. Both parties were anxious not to have a special tribunal or to have matters settled by the ordinary courts. If the report went up with the recommendation in its present form, Government would have to arbitrate between a reduction of 25 per cent and one of 55 per cent, and he was very doubtful if Government would consent to arbitrate between such wide limits, though they might possibly be inclined to arbitrate between the narrower limits of 25 per cent and 40 per cent. He, therefore, asked Mr. Gandhi if it would not be possible in his minute of dissent to put his figure at 40 per cent. Mr. Gandhi said he did not see why Government should refuse to arbitrate if the limits were wide. The President then made another suggestion that if he approached Government on the subject of arbitration on the basis that Mr. Gandhi stated in his minute of dissent his willingness to abide by the decision of Government, he asked whether Mr. Gandhi would object to his telling Government that an offer of compromise at 40 per cent had been made from his side. Mr. Gandhi said he was willing to let Government know all the facts including the fact that he had offered to compromise at 40 per cent but was not prepared to agree that the limits for arbitration should be any other than between 25 per cent and 55 per cent. Mr. Reid pointed out that the planters offer of 25 per cent was final and it should be put in on the same basis as Mr. Gandhis final offer of 40 per cent. Mr. Gandhi said that he was willing for Government to arbitrate between the extreme limits of no reduction at all and a 100 per cent reduction and also that they should know that the planters were prepared to go as far as 25 per cent and that he was