 at length on a particular case that had come to the notice of Government. This case is briefly as follows : The British Goods Boycott Committee of Ahmedabad sent a letter, dated the 7th of April 1931, to the Cawnpore Chemical Works, Cawnpore, asking them various questions, among which were the following : (a) Do you use any British materials in the process of manufacture? (b) Has any Englishman or foreigner any interest whatever, either direct or indirect, in your concern? If so, what is the extent of such interest? Mr. Gavin Jones is very closely interested in this concern and sent the letter on to us. We had enquiries made about it and were informed that the active workers on the Committee were members of the Congress. After the Settlement the Committee changed its name, but apparently sent out notices on the note paper with the old heading and also included in their questions matters which directly offended against the Settlement. I told Mr. Gandhi that in this particular case the attack was on the concern of an Englishman, who was a member of the Round Table Conference Delegation and who had strongly supported the Indian case in London. It would hardly be a matter of surprise if activities of this kind were to make Europpeans doubtful of their previous attitude and that if this particular instance were communicated to the British Press or raised in Parliament, it could not fail to have very unfortunate results. Mr. Gandhi admitted all this and expressed regret that the matter had not been brought to his notice even once. I said that we could not do this until we knew that Congress were concerned in it and we had just received this information. I promised to let him have a copy of the relevant correspondence, and he said he would have the matter put right at once and let me know the results in a letter which Government could, if they thought it desirable, communicate to Mr. Gavin Jones. Mr. Gandhi is, I think, uneasy about the fulfilment of the boycott provi sions of the Settlement, and while he is as keen as ever on the replacement of Indian for foreign cloth and is convinced that the movement has come to stay, he realizes that methods of coercion and pressure will not succeed in the long run and that any abuse of the Settlement has adverse effects in India and in England out of proportion to the benefit to the movement itself. He has, however, still to get his own principles across to Congress organizations and workers as a whole and although he has done a good deal in this direction, there is still much more to do. It will help if local Government either directly tackle provincial Congress organizations in regard to violation of the Settlement in this respect or communicate at once specific instances to the Home Department to pass them on to Mr. Gandhi.